--- 
layout: post
title: This good life/career/profession/occupation/discipline/job....
created: 1112463172
tags: 
- Audio
---
So I've been spending alot of time thinking about my role in this industry and how all of us view this industry and our jobs. One of the last shows I was on, I started just getting a little tired of the hours, being out of town for such long periods of time, the hassles of travel. Of course once your irritated the little quirks of your working environment aren't little quirks all the sudden, and it doesn't take much to set you off. And therein lies the problem.

Second day into the load in I was getting tired of someone else who wasn't keeping their cool about little things, and was making more work for me. Everyone on the crew was noticing this and was somewhat annoyed, but they went their merry way and back to their tasks and left the worries behind. But the long day of load in the day before (well actually not that long, but the 14 hours of airports and planes prior to it, and then loading in that night) left me a little testy. I had to step out for a few minutes just to cool down and prevent myself from blowing up at someone. 

Well that helped but it didn't really solve the problem. And as much as I would love to rant about people that need to sit back and let others do their job, instead of micromanaging everyone on their crew, that's not what this post is about, because that wasn't the biggest problem. I've felt like this before on different gigs with different employers before, and I was beginning to worry that this would keep happening no matter where I go to work. After all there are quirks and annoyances and people who don't know what they are doing EVERYWHERE. So, the conclusion I made was that it really isn't anyone else, but me who has to learn to deal with problems like this. 

Now I didn't just sit down and think through all this in five minutes. It took six. No, I'm still getting cranky on gigs from time to time, the key is to not let it affect me, or those around me. Dealing in abbreviated terms with someone who is annoying is one thing, letting that bring you down to the point that others notice, is another.

Anyway, I was thankful to have internet on this gig and used it download the latest episode of [The O.C.](http://www.tvtome.com/OC/) Yes I'm addicted, go ahead and make fun. Mikey likes it, it being a soap opera..I know. But I was also reading some of the archives of [A Barking Dog](http://barking.roaddog.com). I decided to start at the very beginning since I've never read all of the Mexican adventures yet, and what article should I come across but [this one](http://www2.roaddog.com/mt3/archives/2003/07/index.html). I quote:

> What a whiny, moaning little piece of shit I was... Here I was, working about 30 hours a week or so, if that, traveling the world on someone else's dime, being fed, coddled and compensated very well, and I was acting as if not having the right kind of coffee bean blend was the end of the world. I was told this at the time by a colleague when we were sitting on the beach in Nice and I was bitching about how bad touring was. Nothing like a little perspective to put it all in frame. When I realized how good I actually had it I regretted being such an asshole a good part of the time. (though there were times when being an asshole was required) I came to that realization about six weeks ago.

This finally clicked with my later that afternoon sitting on the balcony of my hotel room from where I snapped the photo of San Diego that appears in a [previous entry](/blog/room-with-a-view/) here. It's not really that bad, the view, and one night while enjoying it with my buddy whom I was also rooming with put it this way, "You can make our job sound like whatever you want, best job in the world, worst job in the world. I can feed someone who doesn't know it, anything I want." Which I suppose could be true of a lot of jobs, but to most of the working population, we do have a fairly glamorous job. I wouldn't call it glamorous, but I would say it is certainly attractive to quite a few, and I see why. I just think about what my coworkers said about me leaving for a new gig at the injection molding factory I worked at for a month after leaving college, before getting a gig. 

And this has all been on my mind a lot lately. I finally found a company I'm with that has real growth potential and I'm leaving in a few months to move even further west. Lots of questions about what to do now, do I move on to another bigger company looking for more experienced individuals to learn from? Do I keep doing fly dates for the company I'm with in order to keep my foot in the door? Try the freelance thing? 

So many possibilities within our industry. It actually reminds me of something I head Dave Shadoan say are ProProduction 2005 in the Planning, Growth and Exit strategies, when asked if he had an exit strategy when he started Sound Image. His response? "Hell, I didn't even think I had a real job!" It definitely reminded me why I got into the industry, yet subtly points out that I this industry is a real job, and that I have to treat it as such in all my dealings with others, and I need to retain a professional demeanor at all times.

But really, it's not all that bad. Perspective, perspective, perspective. I mean I'm gigging in [Squaw Valley](http://www.squaw.com/) in a couple of weeks. Now if I could just learn to ski first....
